
### Issues with the video (and the data set)

The only time stamps we have are given by the clock, which is accurate to a second. However, for each second, for each player, we have multiple (around 10 ish) x,y coordinates. The trackers on the players record their positions more frequently than one second intervals. While this is very good, it also poses a problem in matching the x,y coordinates of the different players within the same time stamp. i.e. if we have two x,y coordinates for each player within the same time stamp, how do we know how to math the coordinates between players? 

Just looking at the data set in pandas (in the notebook), I notice that each time stamp has a different number of rows. When t=0, we have around 100 entries, but for t=1 we have several hundred. Warrants further investigation and may cause issues with analysis. It seems reasonable that the data collectors on the players helmets aren't synced up, so they are recording data at different times/frequencies, but large discrepencies as seen may be a little more than just that. Maybe we're lucky and I cleaned the data incorrectly somehow or am missing something simple. 

Ross mentioned that maybe its ordered by the time that they're recorded, which would be sensible. To check this, I made a small script make_images.py that takes a given player_id and time stamp and creates images ordered by the order in the dataframe to scroll through and see if they're ordered. at the files are labeled by timestamp then player_id then an ordering of the dataframe. The player position looks like it may have been ordered by time. the puck data is nonsensical, there's no way a puck could move that much in a one second time frame. 
    - Turns out Ross was right! In the original csv file, the ImageID column is not just to track what file we're looking at, but its ordered by when the data was recorded. It leaves me wondering why some times have more frames than others, but I can clean the files a little differently and include this data in the cleaned version.
